web_page_replay_go/README.md, before:

# Web Page Replay
Web Page Replay (WprGo) is a performance testing tool written in Golang for
recording and replaying web pages. WprGo is currently used in Telemetry for
Chrome benchmarking purposes. This requires go 1.8 and above. This has not been
tested with earlier versions of go. It is supported on Windows, MacOS and Linux.

## Required packages

```
go get github.com/codegangsta/cli
go get golang.org/x/net/http2
```
## Set up GOPATH
```
export GOPATH=/path/to/web_page_replay_go:"$HOME/go"
```

## Sample usage

### Record mode
* Terminal 1:

  Start wpr in record mode.

  ```
  go run src/wpr.go record --http_port=8080 --https_port=8081 /tmp/archive.wprgo
  ```
  ...

  Ctrl-C

* Terminal 2:

  ```
  google-chrome-beta --user-data-dir=$foo \
   --host-resolver-rules="MAP *:80 127.0.0.1:8080,MAP *:443 127.0.0.1:8081,EXCLUDE localhost"
   --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=PhrPvGIaAMmd29hj8BCZOq096yj7uMpRNHpn5PDxI6I=
  ```
  ... wait for record servers to start

### Replay mode
* Terminal 1:

  Start wpr in replay mode.
  ```
  cd path/to/web_page_replay_go
  go run src/wpr.go replay --http_port=8080 --https_port=8081 /tmp/archive.wprgo
  ```

* Terminal 2:
  ```
  google-chrome-beta --user-data-dir=$bar \
   --host-resolver-rules="MAP *:80 127.0.0.1:8080,MAP *:443 127.0.0.1:8081,EXCLUDE localhost"
   --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=PhrPvGIaAMmd29hj8BCZOq096yj7uMpRNHpn5PDxI6I=
  ```
  ... wait for replay servers to start

  load the page

## Running on Android

You will need a Linux host machine and an android device.

* Set up reverse port forwarding

```
adb reverse tcp:8080 tcp:8080
adb reverse tcp:8081 tcp:8081
```

* Set up command line arguments

```
build/android/adb_chrome_public_command_line --host-resolver-rules="MAP *:80 127.0.0.1:8080,MAP *:443 127.0.0.1:8081,EXCLUDE localhost" \
  --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=PhrPvGIaAMmd29hj8BCZOq096yj7uMpRNHpn5PDxI6I=
```

* Run wpr.go as usual on the linux machine

### (Optional) Installing test root CA

WebPageReplay uses self signed certificates for Https requests. To make Chrome
trust these certificates, you can use --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list
like above. If that doesn't work, you may try installing a test certificate
authority as a local trust anchor. **Note:** Please do this with care because
installing the test root CA compromises your machine. This is currently only
supported on Linux and Android.

Installing the test CA. Specify a `--android_device_id` if you'd like to install
the root CA on an android device.
```
go run src/wpr.go installroot
```
Uninstall the test CA. Specify a `--android_device_id` if you'd like to remove
the root CA from an android device.

```
go run src/wpr.go removeroot
```

## Other use cases

### Http-to-http2 proxy:

* Terminal 1:
```
go run src/wpr.go replay --https_port=8081 --https_to_http_port=8082 \
  /tmp/archive.wprgo
```

* Terminal 2:
```
google-chrome-beta --user-data-dir=$foo \
  --host-resolver-rules="MAP *:443 127.0.0.1:8081,EXCLUDE localhost" \
  --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=PhrPvGIaAMmd29hj8BCZOq096yj7uMpRNHpn5PDxI6I= \
  --proxy-server=http=https://127.0.0.1:8082 \
  --trusted-spdy-proxy=127.0.0.1:8082
```

## Inspecting an archive

httparchive.go is a convenient script to inspect a wprgo archive. Use `ls`,`cat`
and `edit`. Options are available to specify request url host (`--host`) and
path (`--full-path`).

E.g.

```
go run src/httparchive.go ls /tmp/archive.wprgo --host=example.com --full-path=/index.html
```

## Running unit tests
Run all tests in a specific file.
```
go test transformer_test.go transformer.go
```

Run all tests in `webpagereplay` module.
```
go test webpagereplay -run ''
```

## Generate public key hash for --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list
wpr_public_hash.txt is generated from wpr_cert.pem using the command below.
```
openssl x509 -noout -pubkey -in wpr_cert.pem | \
openssl pkey -pubin -outform der | \
openssl dgst -sha256 -binary | \
base64
```

## Contribute
Please read [contributor's guide][contribute]. We use the Catapult
[issue tracker][tracker] for bugs and features. Once your change is reviewed
and ready for landing, please run `telemetry/bin/update_wpr_go_binary` to update
binaries in Google cloud storage.

## Contact
Please email telemetry@chromium.org.

[contribute]: https://github.com/catapult-project/catapult/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[tracker]: https://github.com/catapult-project/catapult/issues

Commit message:

Fix WPR-Go import paths.
Canonically, Go packages are imported by a fully-qualified path starting
with a hostname like github.com. This CL changes `import "webpagereplay"`
statements to use the fully-qualified import path, which is:

github.com/catapult-project/catapult/web_page_replay_go/src/webpagereply

This requires a bit of hackery to build WPR from a locally checked-out
catapult source tree. Essentially, we create a GOPATH tree where
github.com/catapult-project is a symlink to the locally checked-out
catapult repo.

To test this, I ran ./update_wpr_go_binary and verified that an
executable was successfully built. (Then it crashed because I don't have
permission to update the binary store, but I believe that is WAI.)

Review-Url: https://chromiumcodereview.appspot.com/3008243002

web_page_replay_go/README.md, after:

# Web Page Replay
Web Page Replay (WprGo) is a performance testing tool written in Golang for
recording and replaying web pages. WprGo is currently used in Telemetry for
Chrome benchmarking purposes. This requires go 1.8 and above. This has not been
tested with earlier versions of go. It is supported on Windows, MacOS and Linux.

## Set up GOPATH

There are two ways to setup your GOPATH. The first is to use the `go get`
command to fetch this directory. This will use your default GOPATH, which
is typically `$HOME/go`:

```
go get github.com/catapult-project/catapult/web_page_replay_go
```

You can then find this directory in:

```
$HOME/go/src/github.com/catapult-project/catapult/web_page_replay_go
```

The second approach is to use your current catapult checkout. Assuming your
"catapult" directory is located at `$CATAPULT`, and assuming `$HOME/go` is in
your GOPATH, create the following symbolic link:

```
mkdir -p $HOME/go/src/github.com/catapult-project
ln -s $CATAPULT $HOME/go/src/github.com/catapult-project/catapult
```

If you take this second approach, you will need to manually fetch the required
packages:

```
go get github.com/codegangsta/cli
go get golang.org/x/net/http2
```

## Sample usage

### Record mode
* Terminal 1:

  Start wpr in record mode.

  ```
  go run src/wpr.go record --http_port=8080 --https_port=8081 /tmp/archive.wprgo
  ```
  ...

  Ctrl-C

* Terminal 2:

  ```
  google-chrome-beta --user-data-dir=$foo \
   --host-resolver-rules="MAP *:80 127.0.0.1:8080,MAP *:443 127.0.0.1:8081,EXCLUDE localhost"
   --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=PhrPvGIaAMmd29hj8BCZOq096yj7uMpRNHpn5PDxI6I=
  ```
  ... wait for record servers to start

### Replay mode
* Terminal 1:

  Start wpr in replay mode.
  ```
  cd path/to/web_page_replay_go
  go run src/wpr.go replay --http_port=8080 --https_port=8081 /tmp/archive.wprgo
  ```

* Terminal 2:
  ```
  google-chrome-beta --user-data-dir=$bar \
   --host-resolver-rules="MAP *:80 127.0.0.1:8080,MAP *:443 127.0.0.1:8081,EXCLUDE localhost"
   --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=PhrPvGIaAMmd29hj8BCZOq096yj7uMpRNHpn5PDxI6I=
  ```
  ... wait for replay servers to start

  load the page

## Running on Android

You will need a Linux host machine and an android device.

* Set up reverse port forwarding

```
adb reverse tcp:8080 tcp:8080
adb reverse tcp:8081 tcp:8081
```

* Set up command line arguments

```
build/android/adb_chrome_public_command_line --host-resolver-rules="MAP *:80 127.0.0.1:8080,MAP *:443 127.0.0.1:8081,EXCLUDE localhost" \
  --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=PhrPvGIaAMmd29hj8BCZOq096yj7uMpRNHpn5PDxI6I=
```

* Run wpr.go as usual on the linux machine

### (Optional) Installing test root CA

WebPageReplay uses self signed certificates for Https requests. To make Chrome
trust these certificates, you can use --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list
like above. If that doesn't work, you may try installing a test certificate
authority as a local trust anchor. **Note:** Please do this with care because
installing the test root CA compromises your machine. This is currently only
supported on Linux and Android.

Installing the test CA. Specify a `--android_device_id` if you'd like to install
the root CA on an android device.
```
go run src/wpr.go installroot
```
Uninstall the test CA. Specify a `--android_device_id` if you'd like to remove
the root CA from an android device.

```
go run src/wpr.go removeroot
```

## Other use cases

### Http-to-http2 proxy:

* Terminal 1:
```
go run src/wpr.go replay --https_port=8081 --https_to_http_port=8082 \
  /tmp/archive.wprgo
```

* Terminal 2:
```
google-chrome-beta --user-data-dir=$foo \
  --host-resolver-rules="MAP *:443 127.0.0.1:8081,EXCLUDE localhost" \
  --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=PhrPvGIaAMmd29hj8BCZOq096yj7uMpRNHpn5PDxI6I= \
  --proxy-server=http=https://127.0.0.1:8082 \
  --trusted-spdy-proxy=127.0.0.1:8082
```

## Inspecting an archive

httparchive.go is a convenient script to inspect a wprgo archive. Use `ls`,`cat`
and `edit`. Options are available to specify request url host (`--host`) and
path (`--full-path`).

E.g.

```
go run src/httparchive.go ls /tmp/archive.wprgo --host=example.com --full-path=/index.html
```

## Running unit tests
Run all tests in a specific file.
```
go test transformer_test.go transformer.go
```

Run all tests in `webpagereplay` module.
```
go test webpagereplay -run ''
```

## Generate public key hash for --ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list
wpr_public_hash.txt is generated from wpr_cert.pem using the command below.
```
openssl x509 -noout -pubkey -in wpr_cert.pem | \
openssl pkey -pubin -outform der | \
openssl dgst -sha256 -binary | \
base64
```

## Contribute
Please read [contributor's guide][contribute]. We use the Catapult
[issue tracker][tracker] for bugs and features. Once your change is reviewed
and ready for landing, please run `telemetry/bin/update_wpr_go_binary` to update
binaries in Google cloud storage.

## Contact
Please email telemetry@chromium.org.

[contribute]: https://github.com/catapult-project/catapult/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[tracker]: https://github.com/catapult-project/catapult/issues
