dashboard/README.md, before:

# Performance Dashboard

The Chrome Performance Dashboard is a App Engine web app for displaying
and monitoring performance test results.

 - [Getting set up to contribute](/dashboard/docs/getting-set-up.md)
 - [Dashboard admin tasks](/dashboard/docs/admin-tasks.md)
 - [Debugging in production](/dashboard/docs/cloud-debugger.md)
 - [Example code snippets](/dashboard/docs/code-snippets.md)
 - [Data format for new graph data](/dashboard/docs/data-format.md)
 - [Checklist for deployment](/dashboard/docs/deploy-checklist.md)
 - [Rolling back from a broken deployment](/dashboard/docs/rollback.md)
 - [Project glossary](/dashboard/docs/glossary.md)
 - [Pages and endpoints](/dashboard/docs/pages-and-endpoints.md)

## Contact

Bugs can be reported on the
[Chromium issue tracker](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/entry?description=Describe+the+problem:&components=Speed%3EDashboard&summary=[chromeperf]+);
for questions and feedback,
send an email to chrome-perf-dashboard-team@google.com.

Commit message:

[dashboard] Update docs to mention old issues filed in the Github tracker
The docs should mention the Github issue tracker so that anyone
looking for existing filed issues can know to look into both the
Chromium and Github issue trackers.

Also mention the component name in the text and provide a link for
searching for issues.

Change-Id: Ic8eb0f70df1364bdf5cd3a769b43bd13c27b83fb
Reviewed-on: https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/1180355
Reviewed-by: David Tu <dtu@chromium.org>
Commit-Queue: Mark Seaborn <mseaborn@chromium.org>

dashboard/README.md, after:

# Performance Dashboard

The Chrome Performance Dashboard is a App Engine web app for displaying
and monitoring performance test results.

 - [Getting set up to contribute](/dashboard/docs/getting-set-up.md)
 - [Dashboard admin tasks](/dashboard/docs/admin-tasks.md)
 - [Debugging in production](/dashboard/docs/cloud-debugger.md)
 - [Example code snippets](/dashboard/docs/code-snippets.md)
 - [Data format for new graph data](/dashboard/docs/data-format.md)
 - [Checklist for deployment](/dashboard/docs/deploy-checklist.md)
 - [Rolling back from a broken deployment](/dashboard/docs/rollback.md)
 - [Project glossary](/dashboard/docs/glossary.md)
 - [Pages and endpoints](/dashboard/docs/pages-and-endpoints.md)

## Contact

Bugs can be reported on the Chromium issue tracker using the
"Speed>Dashboard" component:

 - [File a new Dashboard issue](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/entry?description=Describe+the+problem:&components=Speed%3EDashboard&summary=[chromeperf]+)
 - [List open Dashboard issues](https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/list?q=component%3ASpeed%3EDashboard)

Note that some existing issues can be found in the [Github issue
tracker](https://github.com/catapult-project/catapult/issues), but
this is no longer the preferred location for filing new issues.

For questions and feedback, send an email to
chrome-perf-dashboard-team@google.com.
