telemetry/README.md, before:

<!-- Copyright 2015 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
     Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
     found in the LICENSE file.
-->

# Telemetry

Telemetry is the performance testing framework used by Chrome.  It allows you
to perform arbitrary actions on a set of web pages (or any android application!)
and report metrics about it.  The framework abstracts:

*   Launching a browser with arbitrary flags on any platform.
*   Opening a tab and navigating to the page under test.
*   Launching an Android application with intents through ADB.
*   Fetching data via the Inspector timeline and traces.
*   Using [Web Page Replay](../web_page_replay_go/README.md) to
    cache real-world websites so they don’t change when used in benchmarks.

## Design Principles

*   Write one performance test that runs on major platforms - Windows, Mac,
    Linux, Chrome OS, and Android for both Chrome and ContentShell.
*   Run on browser binaries, without a full Chromium checkout, and without
    having to build the browser yourself.
*   Use Web Page Replay to get repeatable test results.
*   Clean architecture for writing benchmarks that keeps measurements and use
    cases separate.

**Telemetry is designed for measuring performance rather than checking
  correctness. If you want to check for correctness,
  [browser tests](http://www.chromium.org/developers/testing/browser-tests) are
  your friend.**

**If you are a Chromium developer looking to add a new Telemetry benchmark to
[`src/tools/perf/`](https://code.google.com/p/chromium/codesearch#chromium/src/tools/perf/),
please make sure to read our
[Benchmark Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ni2MIeVnlH4bTj4yvEDMVNxgL73PqK_O9_NUm3NW3BA/preview)
first.**

## Code Concepts

Telemetry provides two major functionality groups: those that provide test
automation, and those that provide the capability to collect data.

### Test Automation

The test automation facilities of Telemetry provide Python wrappers for a number
of different system concepts.

*   _Platforms_ use a variety of libraries & tools to abstract away the OS
    specific logic.
*   _Browser_ wraps Chrome's
    [DevTools Remote Debugging Protocol](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/remote-debugging)
    to perform actions and extract information from the browser.
*   _Android App_ is a Python wrapper around
    [`adb shell`](http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html).

The Telemetry framework lives in
[`src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/`](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/)
and performance benchmarks that use Telemetry live in
[`src/tools/perf/`](https://code.google.com/p/chromium/codesearch#chromium/src/tools/perf/).

### Data Collection

Telemetry offers a framework for collecting metrics that quantify the
performance of automated actions in terms of benchmarks, measurements, and story
sets.

*   A
    [_benchmark_](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/benchmark.py)
    combines a _measurement_ together with a _story set_, and optionally a set
    of browser options.
    *   We strongly discourage benchmark authors from using command-line flags
        to specify the behavior of benchmarks, since benchmarks should be
        cross-platform.
    *   Benchmarks are discovered and run by the
        [benchmark runner](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/benchmark_runner.py),
        which is wrapped by scripts like
        [`run_benchmark`](https://code.google.com/p/chromium/codesearch#chromium/src/tools/perf/run_benchmark)
        in `tools/perf`.
*   A _measurement_ (called
    [`StoryTest`](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/web_perf/story_test.py)
    in the code) is responsible for setting up and tearing down the testing
    platform, and for collecting _metrics_ that quantify the application
    scenario under test.
    *   Measurements need to work with all story sets, to provide consistency
        and prevent benchmark rot.
    *   You probably don't need to override `StoryTest` (see "Timeline Based
        Measurement" below). If you think you do, please talk to us.
*   A
    [_story set_](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/story/story_set.py)
    is a set of _stories_ together with a
    [_shared state_](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/story/shared_state.py)
    that describes application-level configuration options.
*   A
    [_story_](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/story/story.py)
    is an application scenario and a set of actions to run in that scenario. In
    the typical Chromium use case, this will be a web page together with actions
    like scrolling, clicking, or executing JavaScript.
*   A _metric_ describes how to collect data about the story run and compute
    results.
    *   New metrics should generally be
        [timeline-based](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/web_perf/metrics/timeline_based_metric.py).
    *   Metrics can specify many different types of results, including numbers,
        histograms, traces, and failures.
*   _Timeline Based Measurement_ is a built-in `StoryTest` that runs all
    available timeline-based metrics, and benchmarks that use it can filter
    relevant results.

## Next Steps

*   [Run Telemetry benchmarks locally](/telemetry/docs/run_benchmarks_locally.md)
*   [Record a story set](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/telemetry/record_a_page_set)
    with Web Page Replay
*   [Feature guidelines](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/telemetry/telemetry-feature-guidelines)
*   [Profile generation](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/telemetry/telemetry-profile-generation)
*   [Telemetry unittests](/telemetry/docs/run_telemetry_tests.md)

## Contact Us or Follow Along

If you have questions, please email telemetry@chromium.org.

You can keep up with Telemetry related discussions by joining the
[telemetry group](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/forum/#!forum/telemetry).

[For Googlers](http://go/telemetry)

## Frequently Asked Questions

### I get an error when I try to use recorded story sets.

The recordings are not included in the Chromium source tree. If you are a Google
partner, run `gsutil config` to authenticate, then try running the test again.
If you don't have `gsutil` installed on your machine, you can find it in
`build/third_party/gsutil/gsutil`.

If you are not a Google partner, you can run on live sites with
--use-live-sites` or
[record your own](http://dev.chromium.org/developers/telemetry/record_a_page_set)
story set archive.

### I get mysterious errors about device\_forwarder failing.

Your forwarder binary may be outdated. If you have built the forwarder in
src/out that one will be used. if there isn't anything there Telemetry will
default to downloading a pre-built binary. Try re-building the forwarder, or
alternatively wiping the contents of `src/out/` and running `run_benchmark`,
which should download the latest binary.

### I'm having problems with keychain prompts on Mac.

Make sure that your keychain is
[correctly configured](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/telemetry/telemetry-mac-keychain-setup).

Commit message:

Improve Telemetry unit test docs.
Bug: chromium:925116
Change-Id: I96bb74ef76d3ab588477a127bab0dcd5b098f28c
Reviewed-on: https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/1435676
Commit-Queue: Caleb Rouleau <crouleau@chromium.org>
Reviewed-by: Juan Antonio Navarro Pérez <perezju@chromium.org>
Auto-Submit: Caleb Rouleau <crouleau@chromium.org>

telemetry/README.md, after:

<!-- Copyright 2015 The Chromium Authors. All rights reserved.
     Use of this source code is governed by a BSD-style license that can be
     found in the LICENSE file.
-->

# Telemetry

Telemetry is the performance testing framework used by Chrome.  It allows you
to perform arbitrary actions on a set of web pages (or any android application!)
and report metrics about it.  The framework abstracts:

*   Launching a browser with arbitrary flags on any platform.
*   Opening a tab and navigating to the page under test.
*   Launching an Android application with intents through ADB.
*   Fetching data via the Inspector timeline and traces.
*   Using [Web Page Replay](../web_page_replay_go/README.md) to
    cache real-world websites so they don’t change when used in benchmarks.

## How to run the unit tests

Run
`catapult/telemetry/bin/run_tests --help`
and see the usage info at the top.

### Running tests on ChromeOS?

See [this page](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromiumos/docs/+/master/cros_vm.md#Run-telemetry-unit-tests).

## Design Principles

*   Write one performance test that runs on major platforms - Windows, Mac,
    Linux, Chrome OS, and Android for both Chrome and ContentShell.
*   Run on browser binaries, without a full Chromium checkout, and without
    having to build the browser yourself.
*   Use Web Page Replay to get repeatable test results.
*   Clean architecture for writing benchmarks that keeps measurements and use
    cases separate.

**Telemetry is designed for measuring performance rather than checking
  correctness. If you want to check for correctness,
  [browser tests](http://www.chromium.org/developers/testing/browser-tests) are
  your friend.**

**If you are a Chromium developer looking to add a new Telemetry benchmark to
[`src/tools/perf/`](https://code.google.com/p/chromium/codesearch#chromium/src/tools/perf/),
please make sure to read our
[Benchmark Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ni2MIeVnlH4bTj4yvEDMVNxgL73PqK_O9_NUm3NW3BA/preview)
first.**

## Code Concepts

Telemetry provides two major functionality groups: those that provide test
automation, and those that provide the capability to collect data.

### Test Automation

The test automation facilities of Telemetry provide Python wrappers for a number
of different system concepts.

*   _Platforms_ use a variety of libraries & tools to abstract away the OS
    specific logic.
*   _Browser_ wraps Chrome's
    [DevTools Remote Debugging Protocol](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/remote-debugging)
    to perform actions and extract information from the browser.
*   _Android App_ is a Python wrapper around
    [`adb shell`](http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html).

The Telemetry framework lives in
[`src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/`](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/)
and performance benchmarks that use Telemetry live in
[`src/tools/perf/`](https://code.google.com/p/chromium/codesearch#chromium/src/tools/perf/).

### Data Collection

Telemetry offers a framework for collecting metrics that quantify the
performance of automated actions in terms of benchmarks, measurements, and story
sets.

*   A
    [_benchmark_](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/benchmark.py)
    combines a _measurement_ together with a _story set_, and optionally a set
    of browser options.
    *   We strongly discourage benchmark authors from using command-line flags
        to specify the behavior of benchmarks, since benchmarks should be
        cross-platform.
    *   Benchmarks are discovered and run by the
        [benchmark runner](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/benchmark_runner.py),
        which is wrapped by scripts like
        [`run_benchmark`](https://code.google.com/p/chromium/codesearch#chromium/src/tools/perf/run_benchmark)
        in `tools/perf`.
*   A _measurement_ (called
    [`StoryTest`](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/web_perf/story_test.py)
    in the code) is responsible for setting up and tearing down the testing
    platform, and for collecting _metrics_ that quantify the application
    scenario under test.
    *   Measurements need to work with all story sets, to provide consistency
        and prevent benchmark rot.
    *   You probably don't need to override `StoryTest` (see "Timeline Based
        Measurement" below). If you think you do, please talk to us.
*   A
    [_story set_](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/story/story_set.py)
    is a set of _stories_ together with a
    [_shared state_](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/story/shared_state.py)
    that describes application-level configuration options.
*   A
    [_story_](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/story/story.py)
    is an application scenario and a set of actions to run in that scenario. In
    the typical Chromium use case, this will be a web page together with actions
    like scrolling, clicking, or executing JavaScript.
*   A _metric_ describes how to collect data about the story run and compute
    results.
    *   New metrics should generally be
        [timeline-based](https://cs.chromium.org/chromium/src/third_party/catapult/telemetry/telemetry/web_perf/metrics/timeline_based_metric.py).
    *   Metrics can specify many different types of results, including numbers,
        histograms, traces, and failures.
*   _Timeline Based Measurement_ is a built-in `StoryTest` that runs all
    available timeline-based metrics, and benchmarks that use it can filter
    relevant results.

## Next Steps

*   [Run Telemetry benchmarks locally](/telemetry/docs/run_benchmarks_locally.md)
*   [Record a story set](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/telemetry/record_a_page_set)
    with Web Page Replay
*   [Feature guidelines](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/telemetry/telemetry-feature-guidelines)
*   [Profile generation](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/telemetry/telemetry-profile-generation)
*   [Telemetry unittests](/telemetry/docs/run_telemetry_tests.md)

## Contact Us or Follow Along

If you have questions, please email telemetry@chromium.org.

You can keep up with Telemetry related discussions by joining the
[telemetry group](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/forum/#!forum/telemetry).

[For Googlers](http://go/telemetry)

## Frequently Asked Questions

### I get an error when I try to use recorded story sets.

The recordings are not included in the Chromium source tree. If you are a Google
partner, run `gsutil config` to authenticate, then try running the test again.
If you don't have `gsutil` installed on your machine, you can find it in
`build/third_party/gsutil/gsutil`.

If you are not a Google partner, you can run on live sites with
--use-live-sites` or
[record your own](http://dev.chromium.org/developers/telemetry/record_a_page_set)
story set archive.

### I get mysterious errors about device\_forwarder failing.

Your forwarder binary may be outdated. If you have built the forwarder in
src/out that one will be used. if there isn't anything there Telemetry will
default to downloading a pre-built binary. Try re-building the forwarder, or
alternatively wiping the contents of `src/out/` and running `run_benchmark`,
which should download the latest binary.

### I'm having problems with keychain prompts on Mac.

Make sure that your keychain is
[correctly configured](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/dev/developers/telemetry/telemetry-mac-keychain-setup).
