A standalone WebApp for viewing chrome://net-export
[NetLog](https://www.chromium.org/developers/design-documents/network-stack/netlog) dump files
============

Introduction
------------
This is a WebApp that allows someone to perform post-mortem analysis of a
saved Chromium NetLog dump. The full design doc can be found
[here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ll7T5cguj5m2DqkUTad5DWRCqtbQ3L1q9FRvTN5-Y28/edit#).


Merging
------------
The initial code was taken out of Chromium. The code should contain all
changes made to net-internals up to chromium commit
940b87bb7cb870e5d4415e238e192651a093db05.
Suggested merge steps:

1.
```
cd CHROME_DIR/chrome/browser/resources/net_internals
git diff --relative --src-prefix="a/netlog_viewer/netlog_viewer/"\
--dst-prefix="b/netlog_viewer/netlog_viewer/"\
R1 R2 . > diff.txt
```
where R1 and R2 are Chromium commit hashes.

2.
```
cd CATAPULT_DIR;
git apply --reject --whitespace=fix diff.txt
```

3.
Manually merge any rejected chunks in `*.rej` files.

4.
```
cd CHROME_DIR/chrome/test/data/webui/net_internals
git diff --relative R1 R2 . > test-diff.txt
```

5.
edit test-diff.txt and convert the filenames to match, for example: log_view_painter.js
-> log_view_painter_test.html, and remove diff chunks for tests that don't exist
in the catapult repo.

6.
```
cd CATAPULT_DIR/netlog_viewer/netlog_viewer
git apply --reject --whitespace=fix test-diff.txt
```

7.
Manually merge any rejected chunks in `*.rej` files.

8.
Run netlog_viewer/bin/run_dev_server_tests and fix any failures that weren't
already present before starting the merge.

9.
Start a server for the webapp and open in Chrome (see Workflow section), load a
netlog file, and manually verify that everything looks fine.


Motivation
------------
There are a few problems with the current system of logging network events
within Chromium (see chrome://net-internals) that motivated the design and
creation of this new project:
- Attempting to add new and improved functionalities to network logging within
Chromium comes at the cost of bloating the Chromium binaries.
- The renderer process behind chrome://net-internals is privileged meaning it
can ask the browser process to do more--monitoring networking events in this
case. Generally, privileged UI on Chrome should be minmially complex and
small in size, but a large chunk of chrome://net-internals is neither leaving
behind a rather large attack surface.


Workflow
--------------
Generate a NetLog dump file using chrome://net-export, or download one that
has been generated by someone else. NetLog dump files are platform and
architecture independent.

Clone the catapult repository and serve the files from an HTTP localhost server:
```
git clone https://chromium.googlesource.com/catapult
cd catapult/netlog_viewer
python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8080
```

Visit http://localhost:8080/index.html in your web browser to view the
netlog viewer. Click "Choose File" which will allow you to select the file you
exported earlier. From there your NetLog dump will appear as a table filled
with all the dump's information. Visit the other tabs to view additional
information! There are seven tabs that are currently fully functional (Import,
Events, Proxy, Timeline, DNS, Sockets, Cache).
